feat: document `locals` in adapter API (#3685)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/adapter-reference.mdx

The following methods are provided:

##### `app.render(request, routeData, locals)`

This method calls the Astro page that matches the request, renders it, and returns a Promise to a [Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response) object. This also works for API routes that do not render pages.

```js
const response = await app.render(request);
```

> The method accepts a mandatory `request` argument, and two other optionals arguments: [`routeData`](en/reference/integrations-reference/#routedata-type-reference) and [`locals`](/en/guides/middleware/#locals).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method accepts a mandatory `request` argument, and two other optionals arguments: [`routeData`](/en/reference/integrations-reference/#routedata-type-reference) and [`locals`](/en/guides/middleware/#locals).
```

> The method accepts a mandatory `request` argument, and two other optionals arguments: [`routeData`](/en/reference/integrations-reference/#routedata-type-reference) and [`locals`](/en/guides/middleware/#locals).

Reviewer 2: I believe this was meant to be "optional"?
```suggestion
The method accepts a mandatory `request` argument, and two other optional arguments: [`routeData`](/en/reference/integrations-reference/#routedata-type-reference) and [`locals`](/en/guides/middleware/#locals).
```

> The method accepts a mandatory `request` argument, and two other optionals arguments: [`routeData`](en/reference/integrations-reference/#routedata-type-reference) and [`locals`](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/middleware/#locals).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method accepts a mandatory `request` argument, and two other optionals arguments: [`routeData`](en/reference/integrations-reference/#routedata-type-reference) and [`locals`](/en/guides/middleware/#locals).
```
D'oh! Just fixing the link!

> The example below reads a header named `x-private-header`, which attempts to parse it as an object and pass it to `locals`, which can then be passed to any [middleware function](/en/guides/middleware/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below reads a header named `x-private-header`, attempts to parse it as an object and pass it to `locals`, which can then be passed to any [middleware function](/en/guides/middleware/).
```
I think the which is out of place, but otherwise, I think this works! 

The only other thing we could do is explain what's going on with `routeData`, and why it's `undefined` in the arguments in the example? (e.g. is it a placeholder because `locals` has to come third? Is it actually important that it have the value undefined in this example?)

Reviewer: @ematipico Did you have a chance to see this comment?

> The example below reads a header named `x-private-hader`, which attempts to parse it as an object and pass it to `locals`, which can then be passed to any [middleware function](/en/guides/middleware/).

Author: ```suggestion
The example below reads a header named `x-private-header`, which attempts to parse it as an object and pass it to `locals`, which can then be passed to any [middleware function](/en/guides/middleware/).
```

The following methods are provided:

##### `app.render(request, routeData, locals)`

> This method calls the Astro page that matches the request, renders it, and returns a Promise to a [Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response) object. This also works for API routes, that do not render pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method calls the Astro page that matches the request, renders it, and returns a Promise to a [Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response) object. This also works for API routes that do not render pages.
```

```js
const response = await app.render(request);
```

> The method accepts a mandatory `request` arguments, and two other optionals arguments: `routeData` and `locals`.
> 
> [//]: # (TODO) document `routeData`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method accepts a mandatory `request` argument, and two other optionals arguments: [`routeData`](en/reference/integrations-reference/#routedata-type-reference) and [`locals`](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/middleware/#locals).
```
We could start with just a link like this, then figure out what we want to say about `routeData`?

With a link to `locals`, we could also change the sentence below to explain what's happening in the example itself, since the explanation for `locals` is provided elsewhere.

Author: > hen figure out what we want to say about `routeData`?

If that's fine with you, it's fine with me :)

> `locals` is an optional object to pass to the adapter. This object will be passed to any [middleware function](/en/guides/middleware/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below stores a private header in the `locals` object, which can then be passed to any [middleware function](/en/guides/middleware/).
```
Just example wording (which you'll have to make correct!), but what do you think about something like this?

> The method accepts a mandatory `request` argument, and two other optional arguments: [`routeData`](/en/reference/integrations-reference/#routedata-type-reference) and [`locals`](/en/guides/middleware/#locals).
> 
> Use the first argument when you already know the route to render. Doing so will bypass the internal call to [`app.match`](#appmatchrequest) to determine the route to render.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method accepts a mandatory `request` argument, and two other optional arguments: [`routeData`](/en/reference/integrations-reference/#routedata-type-reference) and [`locals`](/en/guides/middleware/#locals).

Provide a value for `routeData` if you already know the route to render. Doing so will bypass the internal call to [`app.match`](#appmatchrequest) to determine the route to render.
```
I'm not sure whether the above is a correct reframing, but the example below *uses* `routeData` (i.e. provides a value for it, even if it's `undefined` vs not). So, I don't think the word "uses" is exactly what we're going for here?

Also question: *if* (and I have no idea whether this is true) `routeData` and `locals` must ALWAYS be specified together, or even whether if you want to specify locals, you NEED *something* for the middle argument (e.g. `undefined` in this case), then this would be the place to state that explicitly.

Author: > I'm not sure whether the above is a correct reframing, but the example below *uses* `routeData` (i.e. provides a value for it, even if it's `undefined` vs not). So, I don't think the word "uses" is exactly what we're going for here?
> 

> Also question: *if* (and I have no idea whether this is true) `routeData` and `locals` must ALWAYS be specified together, or even whether if you want to specify locals, you NEED *something* for the middle argument (e.g. `undefined` in this case), then this would be the place to state that explicitly.

The second and third parameters are optionals, but if you need to pass the third, you can't skip the second, and you pass `undefined`. Internally the function for the existence of `routeData` and if it's `undefined`, internally the function will use `.match`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When  used, `locals` must be the third argument passed. You can pass `undefined` for `routeData` if you are not targeting a specific route.

```
